examples/SquareLine/Porting/README.md, before:

# Squareline - Porting

This example demonstrates how to port Squareline.

## How to Use

To use this example, first install the ESP32_Display_Panel (including its dependencies) and the lvgl (v8.3.x) library. Place the UI folder generated by Squareline in the correct location, and then configure it following the steps provided.

### Configure ESP32_Display_Panel

ESP32_Display_Panel has its own configuration file called `ESP_Panel_Conf.h`. After installing ESP32_Display_Panel, follow these configuration steps:

1. Navigate to the directory where Arduino libraries are installed.

2. Navigate to the `ESP32_Display_Panel` folder, copy `ESP_Panel_Conf_Template.h` and place the copy outside the `ESP32_Display_Panel` folder at the same directory level. Then rename the copied file as `ESP_Panel_Conf.h`.

3. Finally, the layout of the Arduino Libraries folder with `ESP_Panel_Conf.h` appear as follows:

   ```
   Arduino
       |-libraries
           |-ESP32_Display_Panel
           |-other_lib_1
           |-other_lib_2
           |-ESP_Panel_Conf.h
   ```

4. Please refer to [Supported Boards List](https://github.com/esp-arduino-libs/ESP32_Display_Panel#supported-boards--drivers) to check if the current board is compatible. If it is compatible, please navigate to the "For Supported Boards" section; Otherwise, navigate to the "For Unsupported Boards" section.

#### For Supported Board

1. Open `ESP_Panel_Conf.h` file. First, set the macro `ESP_PANEL_USE_SUPPORTED_BOARD` to `1` (default is `1`). Then, according to the name of your target development board, uncomment the macro definitions in the format `ESP_PANEL_BOARD_<NAME>` below,

2. The following code takes *ESP32_S3_BOX* development board as an example:

   ```c
   ...
   // #define ESP_PANEL_BOARD_ESP32_C3_LCDKIT
   #define ESP_PANEL_BOARD_ESP32_S3_BOX
   // #define ESP_PANEL_BOARD_ESP32_S3_BOX_LITE
   ...
   ```

#### For Unsupported Board

Please refer to the [document](https://github.com/esp-arduino-libs/ESP32_Display_Panel#for-unsupported-board) for the details.

### Configure LVGL

1. Navigate to the directory where Arduino libraries are installed.

2. Navigate to the `lvgl` folder, copy `lv_conf_template.h` and place the copy outside the `lvgl` folder at the same directory level. Then rename the copied file as `lv_conf.h`.

3. Finally, the layout of the Arduino Libraries folder with `lv_conf.h` appear as follows:

   ```
   Arduino
       |-libraries
           |-lv_conf.h
           |-lvgl
           |-other_lib_1
           |-other_lib_2
   ```

4. Open `lv_conf.h` and change the first `#if 0` to `#if 1` to enable the content of the file.

5. Set the following configurations:

   ```c
   #define LV_COLOR_DEPTH          16
   #define LV_COLOR_16_SWAP        1   // This configuration is not for RGB LCD.
                                       // Don't set it if using ESP32-S3-LCD-Ev-Board or ESP32-S3-LCD-Ev-Board-2
   #define LV_MEM_CUSTOM           1
   #define LV_MEMCPY_MEMSET_STD    1
   #define LV_TICK_CUSTOM          1
   #define LV_FONT_MONTSERRAT_12   1
   #define LV_FONT_MONTSERRAT_16   1
   #define LV_USE_DEMO_WIDGETS     1
   #define LV_USE_DEMO_BENCHMARK   1
   #define LV_USE_DEMO_STRESS      1
   #define LV_USE_DEMO_MUSIC       1
   ```

6. For more information, please refer to [LVGL document](https://docs.lvgl.io/8.3/get-started/platforms/arduino.html).

### Port the UI folder generated by Squareline

1. Navigate to the directory where Arduino libraries are installed.

2. Navigate to the ESP32_Display_Panel folder, follow the path `examples ` ->  `Squareline ` ->  `Porting ` ->  `libraries ` ->  `ui ` to find the ui folder. Copy the ui folder and place the copy outside, at the same directory level as the ESP32_Display_Panel folder.

3. Finally, the layout of the Arduino Libraries folder with `ui` folder appear as follows:

   note: If you want to use the ui folder generated by your own Squareline, the placement location is the same.

   ```
   Arduino
       |-libraries
           |-ESP32_Display_Panel
           |-ui
           |-other_lib
           |-ESP_Panel_Conf.h
   ```

### Configure Board

Below are recommended configurations for developing GUI applications on various development boards. These settings can be adjusted based on specific requirements.

Go to the `Tools` in Arduino IDE to configure the following settings:

|    Supported Boards     |  Selected Board:   |  PSRAM:  | Flash Mode: | Flash Size: | USB CDC On Boot: |    Partition Scheme:    | Core Debug Level: |
| :---------------------: | :----------------: | :------: | :---------: | :---------: | :--------------: | :---------------------: | :---------------: |
|     ESP32-C3-LCDkit     | ESP32C3 Dev Module | Disabled |     QIO     | 4MB (32Mb)  |     Enabled      | Default 4MB with spiffs |       Info        |
|      ESP32-S3-Box       |    ESP32-S3-Box    |    -     |      -      |      -      |        -         |     16M Flash (3MB)     |       Info        |
|     ESP32-S3-Box-3      | ESP32S3 Dev Module |   OPI    |  QIO 80MHz  |    16MB     |  **See Note 1**  |     16M Flash (3MB)     |       Info        |
|    ESP32-S3-Box-Lite    |    ESP32-S3-Box    |    -     |      -      |      -      |        -         |     16M Flash (3MB)     |       Info        |
|      ESP32-S3-EYE       | ESP32S3 Dev Module |   OPI    |  QIO 80MHz  |     8MB     |     Enabled      |     8M with spiffs      |       Info        |
|    ESP32-S3-Korvo-2     | ESP32S3 Dev Module |   OPI    |  QIO 80MHz  |    16MB     |     Disabled     |     16M Flash (3MB)     |       Info        |
|  ESP32-S3-LCD-EV-Board  | ESP32S3 Dev Module |   OPI    |  QIO 80MHz  |    16MB     |  **See Note 1**  |     16M Flash (3MB)     |       Info        |
| ESP32-S3-LCD-EV-Board-2 | ESP32S3 Dev Module |   OPI    |  QIO 80MHz  |    16MB     |  **See Note 1**  |     16M Flash (3MB)     |       Info        |
|    ESP32-S3-USB-OTG     |  ESP32-S3-USB-OTG  |    -     |      -      |      -      |        -         |     8M with spiffs      |       Info        |

**Note:**

      1. "USB CDC On Boot" should be enabled according to the using port:
         * Disable it if using **UART port**, enable it if using **USB port**.
         * If it is different in the previous flashing, should enable `Erase All Flash Before Sketch Upload` first, then disable it after flashing.

## Example Output

```bash
...
Hello Squareline! V8.3.8
I am ESP32_Display_Panel
Starting LVGL task
Setup done
Loop
Loop
Loop
Loop
...
```

Commit message:

In accordance with the feedback received in the comments, adjustments have been made.

examples/SquareLine/Porting/README.md, after:

# Squareline - Porting

This example demonstrates how to port Squareline.

## How to Use
Please note that this example currently only supports the ESP-S3-BOX, ESP-S3-BOX(beta), ESP-S3-BOX-3, ESP32_S3_KORVO and ESP32_S3_LCD_EV_BOARD.


To use this example, first install the ESP32_Display_Panel (including its dependencies) and the lvgl (v8.3.x) library. Place the UI folder generated by Squareline in the correct location, and then configure it following the steps provided.

### Configure ESP32_Display_Panel

ESP32_Display_Panel has its own configuration file called `ESP_Panel_Conf.h`. After installing ESP32_Display_Panel, follow these configuration steps:

1. Navigate to the directory where Arduino libraries are installed.

2. Navigate to the `ESP32_Display_Panel` folder, copy `ESP_Panel_Conf_Template.h` and place the copy outside the `ESP32_Display_Panel` folder at the same directory level. Then rename the copied file as `ESP_Panel_Conf.h`.

3. Finally, the layout of the Arduino Libraries folder with `ESP_Panel_Conf.h` appear as follows:

   ```
   Arduino
       |-libraries
           |-ESP32_Display_Panel
           |-other_lib_1
           |-other_lib_2
           |-ESP_Panel_Conf.h
   ```

4. Please refer to [Supported Boards List](https://github.com/esp-arduino-libs/ESP32_Display_Panel#supported-boards--drivers) to check if the current board is compatible. If it is compatible, please navigate to the "For Supported Boards" section; Otherwise, navigate to the "For Unsupported Boards" section.

#### For Supported Board

1. Open `ESP_Panel_Conf.h` file. First, set the macro `ESP_PANEL_USE_SUPPORTED_BOARD` to `1` (default is `1`). Then, according to the name of your target development board, uncomment the macro definitions in the format `ESP_PANEL_BOARD_<NAME>` below,

2. The following code takes *ESP32_S3_BOX* development board as an example:

   ```c
   ...
   // #define ESP_PANEL_BOARD_ESP32_C3_LCDKIT
   #define ESP_PANEL_BOARD_ESP32_S3_BOX
   // #define ESP_PANEL_BOARD_ESP32_S3_BOX_LITE
   ...
   ```

#### For Unsupported Board

Please refer to the [document](https://github.com/esp-arduino-libs/ESP32_Display_Panel#for-unsupported-board) for the details.

### Configure LVGL

1. Navigate to the directory where Arduino libraries are installed.

2. Navigate to the `lvgl` folder, copy `lv_conf_template.h` and place the copy outside the `lvgl` folder at the same directory level. Then rename the copied file as `lv_conf.h`.

3. Finally, the layout of the Arduino Libraries folder with `lv_conf.h` appear as follows:

   ```
   Arduino
       |-libraries
           |-lv_conf.h
           |-lvgl
           |-other_lib_1
           |-other_lib_2
   ```

4. Open `lv_conf.h` and change the first `#if 0` to `#if 1` to enable the content of the file.

5. Set the following configurations:

   ```c
   #define LV_COLOR_DEPTH          16
   #define LV_COLOR_16_SWAP        1   // This configuration is not for RGB LCD.
                                       // Don't set it if using ESP32-S3-LCD-Ev-Board or ESP32-S3-LCD-Ev-Board-2
   #define LV_MEM_CUSTOM           1
   #define LV_MEMCPY_MEMSET_STD    1
   #define LV_TICK_CUSTOM          1
   #define LV_FONT_MONTSERRAT_12   1
   #define LV_FONT_MONTSERRAT_16   1
   #define LV_USE_DEMO_WIDGETS     1
   #define LV_USE_DEMO_BENCHMARK   1
   #define LV_USE_DEMO_STRESS      1
   #define LV_USE_DEMO_MUSIC       1
   ```

6. For more information, please refer to [LVGL document](https://docs.lvgl.io/8.3/get-started/platforms/arduino.html).

### Port the UI folder generated by Squareline

1. Navigate to the directory where Arduino libraries are installed.

2. Navigate to the ESP32_Display_Panel folder, follow the path `examples ` ->  `Squareline ` ->  `Porting ` ->  `libraries ` ->  `ui ` to find the ui folder. Copy the ui folder and place the copy outside, at the same directory level as the ESP32_Display_Panel folder.

3. Finally, the layout of the Arduino Libraries folder with `ui` folder appear as follows:

   note: If you want to use the ui folder generated by your own Squareline, the placement location is the same.

   ```
   Arduino
       |-libraries
           |-ESP32_Display_Panel
           |-ui
           |-other_lib
           |-ESP_Panel_Conf.h
   ```

### Configure Board

Below are recommended configurations for developing GUI applications on various development boards. These settings can be adjusted based on specific requirements.

Go to the `Tools` in Arduino IDE to configure the following settings:

|    Supported Boards     |  Selected Board:   |  PSRAM:  | Flash Mode: | Flash Size: | USB CDC On Boot: |    Partition Scheme:    | Core Debug Level: |
| :---------------------: | :----------------: | :------: | :---------: | :---------: | :--------------: | :---------------------: | :---------------: |
|      ESP32-S3-Box       |    ESP32-S3-Box    |    -     |      -      |      -      |        -         |     16M Flash (3MB)     |       Info        |
|   ESP32-S3-Box-3(beta)  | ESP32S3 Dev Module |   OPI    |  QIO 80MHz  |    16MB     |  **See Note 1**  |     16M Flash (3MB)     |       Info        |
|     ESP32-S3-Box-3      | ESP32S3 Dev Module |   OPI    |  QIO 80MHz  |    16MB     |  **See Note 1**  |     16M Flash (3MB)     |       Info        |
|    ESP32-S3-Korvo-2     | ESP32S3 Dev Module |   OPI    |  QIO 80MHz  |    16MB     |     Disabled     |     16M Flash (3MB)     |       Info        |
|  ESP32-S3-LCD-EV-Board  | ESP32S3 Dev Module |   OPI    |  QIO 80MHz  |    16MB     |  **See Note 1**  |     16M Flash (3MB)     |       Info        |
| ESP32-S3-LCD-EV-Board-2 | ESP32S3 Dev Module |   OPI    |  QIO 80MHz  |    16MB     |  **See Note 1**  |     16M Flash (3MB)     |       Info        |

**Note:**

      1. "USB CDC On Boot" should be enabled according to the using port:
         * Disable it if using **UART port**, enable it if using **USB port**.
         * If it is different in the previous flashing, should enable `Erase All Flash Before Sketch Upload` first, then disable it after flashing.

## Example Output

```bash
...
Hello Squareline! V8.3.8
I am ESP32_Display_Panel
Starting LVGL task
Setup done
Loop
Loop
Loop
Loop
...
```
