examples/SquareLine/Clock/README.md, before:

# Squareline - Clock Example

This example demonstrates a clock demo made with Squareline.

## How to Use

To use this example, besides installing the ESP32_Display_Panel (and its dependencies) and the lvgl (v8.3.x) library, you also need to install the NTPClient library and the ArduinoJson library (open Arduino IDE -> top navigation bar -> Tools -> Manage Libraries and search directly). Place the UI folder generated by Squareline in the correct location, and then configure it according to the provided steps.

### Configure ESP32_Display_Panel

ESP32_Display_Panel has its own configuration file called `ESP_Panel_Conf.h`. After installing ESP32_Display_Panel, follow these configuration steps:

1. Navigate to the directory where Arduino libraries are installed.

2. Navigate to the `ESP32_Display_Panel` folder, copy `ESP_Panel_Conf_Template.h` and place the copy outside the `ESP32_Display_Panel` folder at the same directory level. Then rename the copied file as `ESP_Panel_Conf.h`.

3. Finally, the layout of the Arduino Libraries folder with `ESP_Panel_Conf.h` appear as follows:

   ```
   Arduino
       |-libraries
           |-ESP32_Display_Panel
           |-other_lib_1
           |-other_lib_2
           |-ESP_Panel_Conf.h
   ```

4. Please refer to [Supported Boards List](https://github.com/esp-arduino-libs/ESP32_Display_Panel#supported-boards--drivers) to check if the current board is compatible. If it is compatible, please navigate to the "For Supported Boards" section; Otherwise, navigate to the "For Unsupported Boards" section.

#### For Supported Board

1. Open `ESP_Panel_Conf.h` file. First, set the macro `ESP_PANEL_USE_SUPPORTED_BOARD` to `1` (default is `1`). Then, according to the name of your target development board, uncomment the macro definitions in the format `ESP_PANEL_BOARD_<NAME>` below,

2. The following code takes *ESP32_S3_BOX* development board as an example:

   ```c
   ...
   // #define ESP_PANEL_BOARD_ESP32_C3_LCDKIT
   #define ESP_PANEL_BOARD_ESP32_S3_BOX
   // #define ESP_PANEL_BOARD_ESP32_S3_BOX_LITE
   ...
   ```

#### For Unsupported Board

Please refer to the [document](https://github.com/esp-arduino-libs/ESP32_Display_Panel#for-unsupported-board) for the details.

### Configure LVGL

1. Navigate to the directory where Arduino libraries are installed.

2. Navigate to the `lvgl` folder, copy `lv_conf_template.h` and place the copy outside the `lvgl` folder at the same directory level. Then rename the copied file as `lv_conf.h`.

3. Finally, the layout of the Arduino Libraries folder with `lv_conf.h` appear as follows:

   ```
   Arduino
       |-libraries
           |-lv_conf.h
           |-lvgl
           |-other_lib_1
           |-other_lib_2
   ```

4. Open `lv_conf.h` and change the first `#if 0` to `#if 1` to enable the content of the file.

5. Set the following configurations:

   ```c
   #define LV_COLOR_DEPTH          16
   #define LV_COLOR_16_SWAP        1   // This configuration is not for RGB LCD.
                                       // Don't set it if using ESP32-S3-LCD-Ev-Board or ESP32-S3-LCD-Ev-Board-2
   #define LV_MEM_CUSTOM           1
   #define LV_MEMCPY_MEMSET_STD    1
   #define LV_TICK_CUSTOM          1
   #define LV_FONT_MONTSERRAT_12   1
   #define LV_FONT_MONTSERRAT_16   1
   #define LV_USE_DEMO_WIDGETS     1
   #define LV_USE_DEMO_BENCHMARK   1
   #define LV_USE_DEMO_STRESS      1
   #define LV_USE_DEMO_MUSIC       1
   ```

6. For more information, please refer to [LVGL document](https://docs.lvgl.io/8.3/get-started/platforms/arduino.html).

### Port the UI folder generated by Squareline

1. Navigate to the directory where Arduino libraries are installed.

2. Navigate to the ESP32_Display_Panel folder, follow the path `examples ` ->  `Squareline ` ->  `Clock ` ->  `libraries ` ->  `ui ` to find the ui folder. Copy the ui folder and place the copy outside, at the same directory level as the ESP32_Display_Panel folder.

3. Finally, the layout of the Arduino Libraries folder with `ui` folder appear as follows:

   note: If you want to use the ui folder generated by your own Squareline, the placement location is the same.

   ```
   Arduino
       |-libraries
           |-ESP32_Display_Panel
           |-ui
           |-other_lib
           |-ESP_Panel_Conf.h
   ```

### Configure Board

Below are recommended configurations for developing GUI applications on various development boards. These settings can be adjusted based on specific requirements.

Go to the `Tools` in Arduino IDE to configure the following settings:

|    Supported Boards     |  Selected Board:   |  PSRAM:  | Flash Mode: | Flash Size: | USB CDC On Boot: |    Partition Scheme:    | Core Debug Level: |
| :---------------------: | :----------------: | :------: | :---------: | :---------: | :--------------: | :---------------------: | :---------------: |
|     ESP32-C3-LCDkit     | ESP32C3 Dev Module | Disabled |     QIO     | 4MB (32Mb)  |     Enabled      | Default 4MB with spiffs |       Info        |
|      ESP32-S3-Box       |    ESP32-S3-Box    |    -     |      -      |      -      |        -         |     16M Flash (3MB)     |       Info        |
|     ESP32-S3-Box-3      | ESP32S3 Dev Module |   OPI    |  QIO 80MHz  |    16MB     |  **See Note 1**  |     16M Flash (3MB)     |       Info        |
|    ESP32-S3-Box-Lite    |    ESP32-S3-Box    |    -     |      -      |      -      |        -         |     16M Flash (3MB)     |       Info        |
|      ESP32-S3-EYE       | ESP32S3 Dev Module |   OPI    |  QIO 80MHz  |     8MB     |     Enabled      |     8M with spiffs      |       Info        |
|    ESP32-S3-Korvo-2     | ESP32S3 Dev Module |   OPI    |  QIO 80MHz  |    16MB     |     Disabled     |     16M Flash (3MB)     |       Info        |
|  ESP32-S3-LCD-EV-Board  | ESP32S3 Dev Module |   OPI    |  QIO 80MHz  |    16MB     |  **See Note 1**  |     16M Flash (3MB)     |       Info        |
| ESP32-S3-LCD-EV-Board-2 | ESP32S3 Dev Module |   OPI    |  QIO 80MHz  |    16MB     |  **See Note 1**  |     16M Flash (3MB)     |       Info        |
|    ESP32-S3-USB-OTG     |  ESP32-S3-USB-OTG  |    -     |      -      |      -      |        -         |     8M with spiffs      |       Info        |

**Note:**

      1. "USB CDC On Boot" should be enabled according to the using port:
         * Disable it if using **UART port**, enable it if using **USB port**.
         * If it is different in the previous flashing, should enable `Erase All Flash Before Sketch Upload` first, then disable it after flashing.

## Example Output

```bash
...
Squareline Clock init begin!
Setup done
...
```

Commit message:

In accordance with the feedback received in the comments, adjustments have been made.

examples/SquareLine/Clock/README.md, after:

# Squareline - Simple Wi-Fi Clock Example

This example demonstrates a clock demo made with Squareline.

## How to Use
Please note that this example currently only supports the ESP-S3-BOX, ESP-S3-BOX(beta), ESP-S3-BOX-3, ESP32_S3_KORVO and ESP32_S3_LCD_EV_BOARD.


To use this example, besides installing the ESP32_Display_Panel (and its dependencies) and the lvgl (v8.3.x) library, it is also necessary to install the `NTPClient`(v3.2.1) and `ArduinoJson`(v6.21.3) libraries. (open Arduino IDE -> top navigation bar -> Tools -> Manage Libraries and search directly). Place the UI folder generated by Squareline in the correct location, and then configure it according to the provided steps.
In addition, in order to be able to retrieve weather information and time information after connecting to Wi-Fi, you need to first register an OpenWeather account, obtain an API KEY, and fill in the API KEY in the macro definition `WEATHER_API_KEY`. Also, in the macro definition `WEATHER_CITY`, you should fill in the name of the city for which you want to obtain weather information, such as "Shanghai". To obtain time information, you need to fill in the NTP server URL in the macro definition `SERVER_IP`, such as "ntp6.aliyun.com", and adjust the macro `TIME_OFFSET` and `TIME_UPDATE_INTERVAL` for time calibration.
### Configure ESP32_Display_Panel

ESP32_Display_Panel has its own configuration file called `ESP_Panel_Conf.h`. After installing ESP32_Display_Panel, follow these configuration steps:

1. Navigate to the directory where Arduino libraries are installed.

2. Navigate to the `ESP32_Display_Panel` folder, copy `ESP_Panel_Conf_Template.h` and place the copy outside the `ESP32_Display_Panel` folder at the same directory level. Then rename the copied file as `ESP_Panel_Conf.h`.

3. Finally, the layout of the Arduino Libraries folder with `ESP_Panel_Conf.h` appear as follows:

   ```
   Arduino
       |-libraries
           |-ESP32_Display_Panel
           |-other_lib_1
           |-other_lib_2
           |-ESP_Panel_Conf.h
   ```

4. Please refer to [Supported Boards List](https://github.com/esp-arduino-libs/ESP32_Display_Panel#supported-boards--drivers) to check if the current board is compatible. If it is compatible, please navigate to the "For Supported Boards" section; Otherwise, navigate to the "For Unsupported Boards" section.

#### For Supported Board

1. Open `ESP_Panel_Conf.h` file. First, set the macro `ESP_PANEL_USE_SUPPORTED_BOARD` to `1` (default is `1`). Then, according to the name of your target development board, uncomment the macro definitions in the format `ESP_PANEL_BOARD_<NAME>` below,

2. The following code takes *ESP32_S3_BOX* development board as an example:

   ```c
   ...
   // #define ESP_PANEL_BOARD_ESP32_C3_LCDKIT
   #define ESP_PANEL_BOARD_ESP32_S3_BOX
   // #define ESP_PANEL_BOARD_ESP32_S3_BOX_LITE
   ...
   ```

#### For Unsupported Board

Please refer to the [document](https://github.com/esp-arduino-libs/ESP32_Display_Panel#for-unsupported-board) for the details.

### Configure LVGL

1. Navigate to the directory where Arduino libraries are installed.

2. Navigate to the `lvgl` folder, copy `lv_conf_template.h` and place the copy outside the `lvgl` folder at the same directory level. Then rename the copied file as `lv_conf.h`.

3. Finally, the layout of the Arduino Libraries folder with `lv_conf.h` appear as follows:

   ```
   Arduino
       |-libraries
           |-lv_conf.h
           |-lvgl
           |-other_lib_1
           |-other_lib_2
   ```

4. Open `lv_conf.h` and change the first `#if 0` to `#if 1` to enable the content of the file.

5. Set the following configurations:

   ```c
   #define LV_COLOR_DEPTH          16
   #define LV_COLOR_16_SWAP        1   // This configuration is not for RGB LCD.
                                       // Don't set it if using ESP32-S3-LCD-Ev-Board or ESP32-S3-LCD-Ev-Board-2
   #define LV_MEM_CUSTOM           1
   #define LV_MEMCPY_MEMSET_STD    1
   #define LV_TICK_CUSTOM          1
   #define LV_FONT_MONTSERRAT_12   1
   #define LV_FONT_MONTSERRAT_16   1
   #define LV_USE_DEMO_WIDGETS     1
   #define LV_USE_DEMO_BENCHMARK   1
   #define LV_USE_DEMO_STRESS      1
   #define LV_USE_DEMO_MUSIC       1
   #define LV_USE_LARGE_COORD      1
   ```

6. For more information, please refer to [LVGL document](https://docs.lvgl.io/8.3/get-started/platforms/arduino.html).

### Port the UI folder generated by Squareline

1. Navigate to the directory where Arduino libraries are installed.

2. Navigate to the ESP32_Display_Panel folder, follow the path `examples ` ->  `Squareline ` ->  `Clock ` ->  `libraries ` ->  `ui ` to find the ui folder. Copy the ui folder and place the copy outside, at the same directory level as the ESP32_Display_Panel folder.

3. Finally, the layout of the Arduino Libraries folder with `ui` folder appear as follows:

   note: If you want to use the ui folder generated by your own Squareline, the placement location is the same.

   ```
   Arduino
       |-libraries
           |-ESP32_Display_Panel
           |-ui
           |-other_lib
           |-ESP_Panel_Conf.h
   ```

### Configure Board

Below are recommended configurations for developing GUI applications on various development boards. These settings can be adjusted based on specific requirements.

Go to the `Tools` in Arduino IDE to configure the following settings:

|    Supported Boards     |  Selected Board:   |  PSRAM:  | Flash Mode: | Flash Size: | USB CDC On Boot: |    Partition Scheme:    | Core Debug Level: |
| :---------------------: | :----------------: | :------: | :---------: | :---------: | :--------------: | :---------------------: | :---------------: |
|      ESP32-S3-Box       |    ESP32-S3-Box    |    -     |      -      |      -      |        -         |     16M Flash (3MB)     |       Info        |
|   ESP32-S3-Box-3(beta)  | ESP32S3 Dev Module |   OPI    |  QIO 80MHz  |    16MB     |  **See Note 1**  |     16M Flash (3MB)     |       Info        |
|     ESP32-S3-Box-3      | ESP32S3 Dev Module |   OPI    |  QIO 80MHz  |    16MB     |  **See Note 1**  |     16M Flash (3MB)     |       Info        |
|    ESP32-S3-Korvo-2     | ESP32S3 Dev Module |   OPI    |  QIO 80MHz  |    16MB     |     Disabled     |     16M Flash (3MB)     |       Info        |
|  ESP32-S3-LCD-EV-Board  | ESP32S3 Dev Module |   OPI    |  QIO 80MHz  |    16MB     |  **See Note 1**  |     16M Flash (3MB)     |       Info        |
| ESP32-S3-LCD-EV-Board-2 | ESP32S3 Dev Module |   OPI    |  QIO 80MHz  |    16MB     |  **See Note 1**  |     16M Flash (3MB)     |       Info        |

**Note:**

      1. "USB CDC On Boot" should be enabled according to the using port:
         * Disable it if using **UART port**, enable it if using **USB port**.
         * If it is different in the previous flashing, should enable `Erase All Flash Before Sketch Upload` first, then disable it after flashing.

## Example Output

```bash
...
Squareline Clock init begin!
Setup done
...
```
